README.md, before:

Collection of small write-ups I learn day to day, inspired by [jbranchaud/til](https://github.com/jbranchaud/til) and 
the practice of continuous learning, and daily mundane habits. 

--- 

## System design
- [Change is not a thing, it's either growth or breakage](system-design/change-is-not-a-thing-its-either-growth-or-breakage.md)

## Microservices
- [Testing integrations with contract testing, as a trade-off between unit tests and integration tests](microservices/contract-testing.md)

## Clojure
- [Removing nesting of seq transformations with thread-last macro](clojure/removing-nesting-of-seq-transformations-with-thread-last-macro.md)
- [Naming conventions for predicates and conversions](clojure/naming-conventions-for-predicates-and-conversions.md)
- [Setting up Intellij for Clojure](clojure/setting-up-intellij-for-clojure.md)

## Scala

- [Filter and mapValues within one function](scala/filter-and-map-with-collect.md)
- [Towards hot-reloading a zio server](scala/zio-server-hot-reloading.md)
- [Value objects for quantities and units of measure](scala/value-objects-for-quantities.md)

## Git

- [Connecting to two GitHub accounts](git/connecting-to-two-github-accounts.md)

## Kafka

- [Fundamental Kafka concepts](kafka/fundamental-kafka-concepts.md)
- [Kafka messaging issues on Docker might relate to Zookeeper](kafka/kafka-messaging-issues-on-docker-might-relate-to-zookeeper.md)
- [Producing and consuming Kafka messages via console](kafka/producing-and-consuming-kafka-messages-via-console.md)

Commit message:

add Defining local variables with let and Difference between vectors and lists

README.md, after:

Collection of small write-ups I learn day to day, inspired by [jbranchaud/til](https://github.com/jbranchaud/til) and 
the practice of continuous learning, and daily mundane habits. 

--- 

## System design
- [Change is not a thing, it's either growth or breakage](system-design/change-is-not-a-thing-its-either-growth-or-breakage.md)

## Microservices
- [Testing integrations with contract testing, as a trade-off between unit tests and integration tests](microservices/contract-testing.md)

## Clojure
- [Difference between vectors and lists](clojure/difference-between-vectors-and-lists.md)
- [Defining local variables with let](clojure/defining-local-vars-with-let.md)
- [Removing nesting of seq transformations with thread-last macro](clojure/removing-nesting-of-seq-transformations-with-thread-last-macro.md)
- [Naming conventions for predicates and conversions](clojure/naming-conventions-for-predicates-and-conversions.md)
- [Setting up Intellij for Clojure](clojure/setting-up-intellij-for-clojure.md)

## Scala

- [Filter and mapValues within one function](scala/filter-and-map-with-collect.md)
- [Towards hot-reloading a zio server](scala/zio-server-hot-reloading.md)
- [Value objects for quantities and units of measure](scala/value-objects-for-quantities.md)

## Git

- [Connecting to two GitHub accounts](git/connecting-to-two-github-accounts.md)

## Kafka

- [Fundamental Kafka concepts](kafka/fundamental-kafka-concepts.md)
- [Kafka messaging issues on Docker might relate to Zookeeper](kafka/kafka-messaging-issues-on-docker-might-relate-to-zookeeper.md)
- [Producing and consuming Kafka messages via console](kafka/producing-and-consuming-kafka-messages-via-console.md)
